Status indicator (#339)
highfidelity/hifi-content: usefulUtilities/statusIndicator/README.md

# Status Indicator
Let other avatars know your status!

> Only available in desktop mode, creates a clickable status in upper right hand corner of screen to set status to available/busy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script creates a clickable button in the upper right hand corner of your screen to set your status to available or busy. The button only appears in Desktop mode.
```

A web app and database tracks these statuses. Using a web entity, you can display everyone's status in a table by going to:

To see everyone's status:

> `https://<hosted web app url>/getAllEmployees`

Reviewer: I'd prefer to see this hosted somewhere like
`https://<hostname>/statusIndicator/allEmployees`

To see a team's list status:

> `https://<hosted web app url>/?type=getTeamEmployees&teamName=ExampleTeamName`

Reviewer: I'd prefer to see this hosted somewhere like
`https://<hostname>/statusIndicator/team?teamName=<team name>`

## Setup

> Run `<statusIndicator root>/hifiScript/statusIndicator_webApp.js` in High Fidelity's Running scripts.

Reviewer: Is this supposed to refer to the web app?

Author: nope!

## Hifi App Script Config

The code for this content is open source. You must set up some configuration files for this content to work:
1. A `secrets.json` file in `<statusIndicator root>/hifiScript/secrets.json` that contains the data below.

```
{
    "REQUEST_URL": "https://<hosted web app url>/" 
}
```

* During development this REQUEST_URL was `http://localhost:3305/`

## Web App Config

The code for this content is open source. You must set up some configuration files for this content to work:
1. A `dbInfo.json` file in `<statusIndicator root>/webApp/dbInfo.json` that contains the data below.
2. A `config.json` file in `<statusIndicator root>/config/config.json` that contains the data below.

### `dbInfo.json`
Here's what your `dbInfo.json` file should look like:
```
{
    "mySQLHost": "<the host associated with your database>",
    "mySQLUsername": "<MySQL DB username>",
    "mySQLPassword": "<MySQL DB password>",

>     "databaseName": "<the name of the database associated with the Multi-Con app>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "databaseName": "<the name of the database associated with the Status Indicator app>"
```

}
```

> ### `config.json`

Reviewer: Do you need this?

Author: Nope!

Here's what your `config.json` file should look like:
```
{
    "unloadTimestampUTC": "<The UTC timestamp of the time after which the app should automatically unload>"
}
```

## Testing
You can perform a local 1-person test of this new code by doing the following:
1. Perform configuration steps as per the "Config" section above.
2. Run the `statusIndicator_webApp.js` Web app from a local NodeJS v10.15.1 installation.
    - Run `npm install` from the `webApp/app` directory
    - Run `node statusIndicator_webApp.js` from the `webApp/app` directory
3. Run MySQL locally.

>     - You can create the necessary database and tables by modifying the `startup()` function within the `statusIndicator_webApp.js` web app script.

Reviewer: This isn't necessary anymore, right?

Author: Not for me, but for someone else who's trying to get this running.
